---
title: "New 'Take notes for me' configuration in the Admin console for select Gemini Alpha customers"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/02/new-take-notes-for-me-configuration-in-admin-console-for-select-gemini-alpha-customers.html"
date: "2026-02-19"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
*Note: This update only applies to customers who participate in the Gemini Alpha program for Workspace. To help users remember to get notes for meetings where it is most valuable, we are developing new settings for ‘Take notes for me’ that lets users and admins pre-configure AI note taking. For organizations in the Gemini Alpha, we will soon begin testing a new setting in Google Meet that will automatically enable Take notes for me for meetings with three or more participants. This setting will be on by default for organizations in the Gemini Alpha program. Admins can disable it at any time, as soon as they see the new setting in their admin console. This setting may be visible to customers broadly, but it will only be functional for customers participating in the Gemini Alpha program. In addition to this test, we are also introducing more ways hosts and participants can control Take notes for me. Soon, all customers—regardless of whether they are in the Gemini Alpha program—will see the ability to turn off "Take notes for me" directly from the green room before joining a call. See this post for more details on the new controls Getting started Admins: This new setting will be on by default for organizations in the Gemini Alpha starting no sooner than March 11th. Admins can opt out of this experience starting now by going to the Google Meet Admin Console, going to Gemini settings, and adjusting the value under “Automatic note-taking” to “OFF”. End users: End users in the Gemini Alpha program can opt out of this experience when they see the new setting (no sooner than March 11) by visiting their user settings in Meet (gear icon in top right), clicking “Meeting Records” and adjusting the drop-down to “OFF”. If an admin enables the setting for their organization but a user disables the setting, any meeting set by the individual user will have Take notes for me OFF by default. Rollout pace Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Admin setting: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 18, 2026 New functionality to Gemini Alpha customers: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting no sooner than March 11, 2026 Availability Business Standard and Plus Enterprise Standard and Plus Google AI Pro for Education add-on Frontline Starter, Standard, and Plus *Note: This setting may be visible to customers broadly, but it will only be functional for customers participating in the Gemini Alpha program. Resources Google Help: Take notes for me in Google Meet Google Workspace Updates Blog: New user controls for Take notes for me
