---
title: "Additional BYOD peripheral switchers certified for Google Meet in ChromeOS touch controller rooms"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/04/additional-byod-peripheral-switchers-certified-for-Google-Meet-in-ChromeOS-touch-controller-rooms.html"
date: "2026-04-13"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
We have certified additional Lightware peripheral switchers, so that you and your team can bring your own devices (BYOD) to Google Meet on ChromeOS touch controller rooms. The new devices bring improvements for video processing, networking, connectivity and security. Plug your laptop into a Meet room with a single USB-C cable and easily use the room's display, speaker, microphone, and camera—along with your laptop—for video conferencing. The integration is extended with the following peripheral switchers: Lightware Taurus UCX 4x2 HC60 Lightware Taurus UCX 4x3 HC60 Lightware Taurus UCX 4x2 HC60D Lightware Taurus UCX 4x3 HC60 BD This offers the following benefits: Seamless transition: Rooms will automatically enter BYOD mode as soon as a user connects their laptop via a certified cable, enabling immediate use of the room's display and high-quality audio and video equipment. Meeting continuity: If a Google Meet call is already in progress, connecting a laptop will not interrupt the call or activate BYOD mode. The same cable for BYOD mode can be used during a Google Meet meeting for sharing your screen to the meeting, ensuring a unified meeting experience. Enhanced admin control: Administrators will gain new visibility within the Google admin console, allowing them to see when BYOD mode is active in a room and preventing erroneous missing peripheral alerts when a third-party device is in control. Getting started Admins: Visit the Lightware website to learn more . End users: Once the integration is installed, use a USB-C cable to use the room displays, audio devices, and camera. Rollout pace Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on April 13, 2026 Availability Available to all Google Workspace customers with Google Meet ChromeOS hardware devices Resources Lightware site: Lightware landing page for Google Meet solutions Google Workspace Updates Blog: BYOD on Google Meet on Chrome OS touch controller rooms
