---
title: "Ask Gemini in Google Meet is expanding to Workspace Business Standard customers, additional languages, and mobile usage"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/01/ask-gemini-google-meet-expansion-business-standard.html"
date: "2026-01-21"
author: "Victor Ome"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
In September 2025, we launched Ask Gemini in Meet , which brings the power of Gemini into your organization’s meetings. Today, we’re excited to announce we’re making the feature more broadly available to: Workspace Business Standard customers - Ask Gemini in Meet is currently available to Enterprise customers, and starting in late January, the experience will become available to Business Standard domains as well. An additional seven languages - Ask Gemini in Meet is currently available in English only. Beginning in early February, it will become available in French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Spanish. The feature supports one language at a time; multiple languages spoken in the same meeting aren't currently supported. More languages will become available in the future. Users on mobile - Also starting in February, Ask Gemini in Meet will become available on the Google Meet mobile app . To access it, tap on the Gemini icon in the top right corner during a meeting. As a reminder, you use Ask Gemini in Meet to: Get a quick brief on the goals and topics for the meeting you’re in List key takeaways, decisions, and action items mentioned in the meeting Catch up on what you missed if you joined late (as long as Take Notes for Me was enabled) Getting started Admins: These features will be on by default for organizations with Ask Gemini in Meet enabled. Visit the Help Center to learn more about turning Ask Gemini in Meet on or off . End users: Visit the Help Center to learn more about using Ask Gemini in Meet . Rollout pace Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains Expansion to Business Standard: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on January 26, 2026 Additional seven languages: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 2, 2026 Meet mobile app: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting on February 9, 2026 Resources Google Workspace Updates Blog: Ask Gemini in Meet: Your Personal Meeting Assistant Google Help: Ask Gemini in Meet Google Help: Turn Ask Gemini on or off
