---
title: "Control continuous meeting chat for your organization"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/03/control-continuous-meeting-chat-for-your-organization.html"
date: "2026-03-11"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
[Update - March 24, 2026] This setting is currently available to administrators with the Super Admin role only. It will roll out to admins with the Manage Meet Settings privilege (including the Services Admin role) in the coming days; we expect it to be available to all Services Admins by the end of the week. Last year, we launched the ability to continue your Meet conversations in Chat . That rollout will continue this month, with the release to Scheduled Release domains planned to start the week of March 23. In the meantime, we’re excited to introduce a new admin control for this feature In the Workspace Admin console, under Meet Safety Settings, you’ll now see a continuous meeting chat setting that allows you to configure continuous meeting chat behavior for your organization. You can do the following: Set the default state: Choose whether continuous meeting chat is "Default on" or "Default off" for organizational units (OU), configuration groups, or individual users. Control host modifications: Choose whether meeting hosts can change this setting ("Hosts can modify") for their individual meetings, or if the default state is locked ("Hosts cannot modify"). Set the continuous meeting chat policy for your organization This feature gives admins more control to set policy and security preferences in their organization. Now, you can easily: Manage feature training at your organization's pace, or address compliance concerns regarding external message retention and data sprawl. Ensure all in-meeting messages are retained in Google Chat for a specific period of time to meet legal or internal compliance requirements. Getting started Admins: This feature will be configured to “Default on” with “Hosts can modify” by default. You can adjust this setting by organizational units (OU), configuration groups, or individual users. Please note that Google Chat must be enabled for your organization to configure continuous meeting chat. Visit the Help Center to learn more . End users: Depending on your admin's configuration, meeting hosts can turn continuous meeting chat on or off in the Calendar event video call options before a meeting starts. If your admin chooses "Hosts cannot modify" this host control will not be visible. Rollout pace Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Available now Availability Business: Business Starter, Standard, and Plus Enterprise: Enterprise Starter, Standard, and Plus Other Editions: Frontline Starter, Standard, and Plus; Essentials Starter, Enterprise Essentials, and Enterprise Essentials Plus; Nonprofits Resources Google Workspace Admin Help: Manage Meet settings (for admins) Google Workspace Admin Help: Turn chat on or off for your organization Google Meet Help: Learn how to use Chat with Google Meet Google Workspace Updates Blog: New to Google Meet: Continue your conversations in Google Chat
