---
title: "Move shared content in Google Meet to a separate window with the “Open in new window” option"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/02/move-shared-content-in-google-meet-to.html"
date: "2026-02-11"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
Update (March 30, 2026): We've resumed this rollout. The feature should be available to all domains on both the Rapid and Scheduled Release tracks in the coming days. We’re introducing the ability for meeting participants to move screen shared content into a standalone window with the “Open in new window” option. This update gives viewers more flexibility in how they view content during a meeting. By undocking screen shared content—whether it is a presentation, a spreadsheet, or a document—you can move it to a secondary screen or resize it independently. This makes it easier to simultaneously view the screen shared content and participants in the video meeting, helping you stay connected and collaborate more easily. This feature works for all screen share content types. Getting started Admins: There is no admin control for this feature. End users: This feature will be ON by default. When viewing shared content in a meeting, select the "Open in new window" option to move the presentation to a new window. Rollout pace Rapid Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility), starting on February 4, 2026 Scheduled Release domains: Full rollout (1–3 days for feature visibility), starting on March 30, 2026 Availability Available to all Google Workspace customers, Workspace Individual subscribers, and users with personal Google accounts Resources Google Help: Tips on how to collaborate in a video meeting
