---
title: "Google Meet now supports sending 1080p HD video from ChromeOS meeting room hardware"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/06/google-meet-now-supports-sending-1080p-HD-video-from-ChromeOS-meeting-room-hardware.html"
date: "2026-06-10"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
We previously launched support for sending full HD video (1080p) in Meet on the web , and we’re now extending that capability to Google Meet room hardware based on ChromeOS. Google Meet will use full HD when the additional bandwidth is needed for sharp video from the room, such as: On large screens: When others in the call are viewing the room on large monitors or TVs with a layout that makes 1080p necessary, such as full-screen views in Spotlight mode, 1:1 calls or dual-screen rooms. ​ When someone pins your video: If a person in the meeting "pins" the room, Meet will send the highest available quality. ​When the meeting is being recorded: Recorded meetings use full HD from the room for the saved meeting video. ​Full HD is available from devices that use a high-resolution camera and can handle the additional processing over a fast, stable internet connection. Meet will continue to automatically adjust video quality downwards if network constraints are detected to ensure a smooth meeting experience. Getting started Admins: There is no admin control for this feature. End users: There is no end user setting for this feature; the upgrade happens seamlessly in the background when conditions are met. Rollout pace Rapid Release and Scheduled Release domains: Available now Availability Available to all Google Workspace customers with Google Meet hardware devices Resources Google Meet Help: Learn how to view people in Google Meet Google Meet Help: Pin or mute Google Meet participants Google Meet hardware Help: Adjust your view of meeting participants in a Meet hardware room Google Meet hardware Help: Google Meet hardware certification program for ChromeOS peripherals & devices Google Workspace Admin Help: Prepare your network for Meet meetings & live streams Google Workspace Updates Blog: Google Meet now supports high definition video for meeting recording and devices
