---
title: "View the Google Meet live stream automatically if an adaptive meeting becomes full"
url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/2026/05/view-google-meet-live-stream-automatically-if-an-adaptive-meeting-becomes-full.html"
date: "2026-05-07"
author: "Paul Jiménez Vela"
feed_url: "https://workspaceupdates.googleblog.com/feeds/posts/default/-/Google%20Meet"
---
We're making it simpler to join large Google Meet events. When an adaptive meeting reaches its maximum capacity for meeting contributors (those with camera, microphone, and screen sharing privileges), any additional users attempting to join the main call are automatically redirected to join the live stream instead. In the live stream they can still interact using reactions, chat, polls and Q&A. What interactive features are available depends on what the host allows in the Host controls settings. Users that try to join the main call while only invited to the live stream will also be redirected automatically. This means a smoother, seamless viewing experience for everyone attending your largest meetings. It doesn't change access settings to meetings or live streams. The host still remains in control over who can take part in meetings and live streams, and which features are available for them to use. The new redirect will be working for any meetings hosts make adaptive under Meeting Access. Participants can still also join the live stream directly by clicking the separate live stream link in calendar events. Getting started Admins: There is no admin control for this feature. End users: This feature is automatically turned on for any meeting hosts make adaptive in Meet Settings > Host controls > Meeting access. There is no setting for meeting attendees. Visit the Help Center to learn more about adaptive meeting settings . Rollout pace Rapid Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting May 6, 2026 Scheduled Release domains: Gradual rollout (up to 15 days for feature visibility) starting May 20, 2026 Availability Enterprise: Enterprise Starter, Standard, and Plus Education: Education Plus Education Add-ons: Teaching and Learning Resources Google Help: Start or schedule a Google Meet meeting - Adaptive meetings Google Help: Live stream a video meeting Google Workspace Updates Blog: Launching a new Adaptive meeting type
